Zhao Si
Your esteemed Mr. Ye, we meet again
I heard you dined here
I'm here to toast you on purpose
I hope you enjoy your dinner.
CEO you you you
Mr. Ye is a VIP of our model family
Don't you know?
Dare to offend him
It's deadly.
You were fired by me for what?
He is actually a VIP of the Mo family
There are only 10 VIPs of the Chuan Mo family in the world
Everyone is a powerful figure
There are only two heroes in my territory
Could he be one of them?
It's over, Wang Yalei is over
Offended the VIP of the Mo family
Whoever comes can't save him
President, are you kidding me?
Even I have to weigh
Is it enough to toast Mr. Ye yourself?
You go to a small clerk
What are you?
Mr. One, this matter
Our family
I will definitely give you an explanation.
Hey, how do you deal with this?
Doesn't he like surprises?
Let him stay in the accident
Warriors are no longer allowed to enter the Great Summer
Please forgive me, Mr. Ye
Without the support of the company
I can't survive outside the palace
Mr. Ye, I know I was wrong.
I will never humiliate Great Xia again
Mr. Ye, please forgive me
Mr. Ye
Mr. Ip Mr. Ip
I beg you to spare me
Forgive me, it's over
This is it.
There we go.
Hey
I didn't expect my classmates back then to become like this
If I had known, I wouldn't have come.
Lingling is fine
That Davis has such respect for you
It seems that I completely mistook you for a kiss
So
Your husband's face is really useful besides being handsome.
That should be protected
Hello
What? Don't worry.
Wait for me to go back
What's the matter, I got a notification from home.
I want to go back to the Shangguan family's old house
You go back first
I'll see you later.